docs: improve WASI tutorial (#684)
kubewarden/docs: docs/tutorials/writing-policies/wasi/01-intro-wasi.md

## Limitations

You shouldn't use WASI policies under regular circumstances because they have inferior performance at
evaluation time compared to waPC/Rego ones.

:::note

> Bi-directional communication between the policy and the host can be achieved, but requires

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bidirectional communication between the policy and the host can be achieved, but requires
```
